We're here in Orlando with the legendary
CeCe Winans.
Hi.
This is a dream for me to be able to
speak with you.
So thank you.
I mean, really, it's because you are one
of the most respected and just so such a
broad career.
And I want to know if like, is there
anything you can chalk that up to?
Can you point to why you've been doing
this for so long and so many stages?
Hey, you know, it's the goodness of God.
You know, that's my short answer.
That is the answer.
But it's it's it's my relationship with
God that continues to reveal more things
about who he is.
So it never gets old.
The gospel is always relevant.
So no matter how long you do it, it's
effective for every generation.
And that's that's why I'm still here.
Yeah.
But I feel like, too, you have this
unique gift of connecting with people
outside of the Christian bubble.
Yeah.
And so is that important, do you think,
as Christians for us to have relationship
with people outside of our?
Definitely.
We're the salt of the earth and we we are
the light.
And so we need to have people in our
lives who don't know the Lord so that we
can win them to the Lord.
You know, and God has always allowed my
music, Bibi and I music to it was
something that we never really planned.
But it kind of happened doors open where
because a lot of times people will accept
the gospel of Jesus Christ faster than
what we think.
And I think as believers, sometimes we
count people out and God has a space in
everybody's heart.
And I've learned that over the years.
You can go to people that you would never
think would relate and God will connect
with them.
Well, and speaking of that, so some of
the relationships you have now, again, in
like the mainstream music world, for
example, are you finding that right now
people are more receptive to Christianity?
Because I feel like I've been hearing
that in a couple of different avenues.
Like right now people are, I don't know
if it's because of the anxiety people are
feeling, they're looking.
Yeah, the world, I mean, I think they've
always been open.
And where the Bible says where sin
abounds, grace abounds much more.
You know, people are hungry for truth.
They're looking for the light.
Our world is in desperate need of Jesus.
They're in desperate need to see what the
real love of God looks like.
And so I think we all as believers, this
is our time to shine.
You don't have to keep touring because
you've done so much in your life.
Could you say that again so my managers
will hear you?
What I want to know, though, is like walk
us through a day in the life of CeCe.
Because I feel like, again, you're in a
position, you've been doing this for so long.
What does it look like for you?
It depends on the day.
If I'm home, I am home.
I am my husband's wife.
I am the grandmom.
I don't, Nikki, my makeup artist, no, I
don't want to see no makeup.
I am just Sister CeCe, you know.
On Sunday, I'm at church.
I lead worship sometimes.
And that's just, that's the real me.
That's who I am.
Now, if I'm on tour, then that's another
whole story.
You know, we're getting up.
We're going to Soundshake.
You got the crew.
You got the buses.
You're seeing the people that your music
have touched down through the years.
So it's such a blessing.
Even though I'm a homebody, when I get
out there, I just love the presence of
God and I love his people.
So it's an honor to do what I do.
Do you cook?
I do.
Every now and then.
I used to cook a lot when my kids were younger.
But now my husband and I, we go out most
of the time.
Yeah.
You have the luxury.
But I can.
Now, when I get in there, I know what I'm doing.
I would, yeah.
I can see that.
Well, again, mom, grandma.
That's right.
I know that a huge part of your platform,
too, is just leaving a faith legacy for
the next generation.
Yes.
I want to know, though, again, sort of
what we've talked about already.
What about a musical legacy?
Because you don't have to stop.
You've got a lot left in you.
But because you have so much experience
and wisdom, what is the musical legacy
that you want to leave?
Musical?
You know what?
I don't think I've ever been asked that question.
Really good.
I've been asked a lot of questions over
the years.
A musical legacy.
What would that be?
I don't know.
Give me some suggestions.
I mean, again, I think part of it might
be having other collaborations.
Having other collaborations?
Things fresh, like, I don't know.
I want to throw it to you.
You know, for me, it's being able to
touch every generation.
You know, I get excited when I go to my
concerts and I see grandma.
I see people in the generation before me.
Then I see me.
Then I see the, and then I see the babies.
And they're all jumping up saying, that's
my king.
You know?
To me, that's a legacy in the music industry.
Music that has touched generations.
And then long after I'm gone, it'll
continue to touch lives.
And bring people to Jesus.
Because that's always the goal.
It's not to entertain, but it is to bring
people to come to know our Savior.
It sounds like your musical legacy is
your faith legacy.
Yeah.
It's all kind of in there together, intertwined.
It's beautiful.
Cece Winans, thank you, Cece.
You got it.